Add SDKMAN instruction to readme file #18 (#19)
Women-Coding-Community/wcc-backend: README.md

./gradlew bootRun
```

* Access application on http://localhost:8080/api/cms/v1/team

********************************************************************************************************************

## JAVA 21
This project uses Java 21, you can run in 21.0.2 or 21.0.3. If you have installed a different version on your machine and don't want to remove it, you can use **SDKMAN** development tool.
It will allow you to switch based on the Java version you want to use. 
Here is the [link](https://sdkman.io). 

* Install SDKMAN

Open your terminal and run the following command:
```shell
curl -s "https://get.sdkman.io" | bash
source "$HOME/.sdkman/bin/sdkman-init.sh"
```

* Check the list of available Java versions:
```shell
sdk list java
```

* Install the desired Java version
```shell
sdk install java 21.0.2-open 
```

> 

Reviewer: You removed this step: `sdk use java 21.0.2-open` That is necessary and the other one to setup as the default, that was necessary. 

What was not necessary was to go to the project folder step.

./gradlew bootRun
```

* Access application on http://localhost:8080/api/cms/v1/team

********************************************************************************************************************

## JAVA 21
This project uses Java 21, you can run in 21.0.2 or 21.0.3. If you have installed a different version on your machine and don't want to remove it, you can use **SDKMAN** development tool.
It will allow you to switch based on the Java version you want to use. 
Here is the [link](https://sdkman.io). 

* Install SDKMAN

Open your terminal and run the following command:
```shell
curl -s "https://get.sdkman.io" | bash
source "$HOME/.sdkman/bin/sdkman-init.sh"
```

* Check the list of available Java versions:
```shell
sdk list java
```

* Install the desired Java version
```shell
sdk install java 21.0.2-open 
```

> ```shell

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Use the specific java version in the current session on your terminal

```shell
```

./gradlew bootRun
```

* Access application on http://localhost:8080/api/cms/v1/team

********************************************************************************************************************

> ## JAVA 21.0.2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## JAVA 21
```

> This product is built with Java 21.0.2. If you have installed a different version on your machine and don't want to remove it, you can use **SDKMAN** development tool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The project uses Java 21.0.2. If you have installed a different version on your machine and don't want to remove it, you can use **SDKMAN** development tool.
```

> It will allow you to switch based on the Java version you want to use. Here is the link: https://sdkman.io/. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It will allow you to switch based on the Java version you want to use. Here is the [link](https://sdkman.io). 
```

* Install SDKMAN

Open your terminal and run the following command:
```shell
curl -s "https://get.sdkman.io" | bash
source "$HOME/.sdkman/bin/sdkman-init.sh"
```

* Check the list of available Java versions:
```shell
sdk list java
```

* Install the desired Java version
```shell

> sdk install java 0.0.0-open 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sdk install java 21.0.2-open
```

```

### Set the new Java version for your specific project

> * Navigate to your project directory 

Reviewer: This step is not necessary, you can execute from any where

```shell

> cd /path/to/your/project

Reviewer: This step also is not necessary.

```

> * Use SDKMAN to set the java version for this specific directory:

Reviewer: This is to be the default for your machine, not for the directory.

```shell

> sdk use java 0.0.0-open

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sdk use java 21.0.2-open
```

```

* Or set the newly installed Java version as the default:
```shell

> sdk default java 0.0.0-open

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sdk default java 21.0.2-open
```
